=The Truth=
=Episode 12=
I extracted cerebrospinal fluid
and vitreous humor from the body,
and measured the potassium ion content.
The time of death was one week ago.
I also found a low diatom content
in the victim's internal organs,
because her blood circulation stopped
before she entered the water.
So diatoms in the water couldn't
enter her organs via the bloodstream.
This precisely supports
the passive respiration hypothesis.
She was dumped
into the water after death.
This case is a homicide.
Autopsy showed cranial bone deformity.
Defensive-type wounds
are visible on her hands.
There are skin cell residues
under her fingernails.
DNA testing identified
it belongs to a male.
But his identity remains unknown.
What about the victim's identity?
The victim isn't listed in the city's
missing persons database.
Uploaded to the provincial base.
But there's no feedback yet.
Also, the victim was found
with little clothing.
The fabric was cheap.
(Autopsy Report)
Didn't find many valuable clues.
But I found much mineral oil residue
on the victim's face.
Mineral oil is a primary ingredient
in low-quality cosmetics.
I suspect she used cheap cosmetics.
After a week submerged, the body
shows signs of postmortem bloating.
Her skin surface also has
heavy mineral oil residue.
This suggests she habitually
wore heavy makeup.
The boat was found.
My dad tipped me off.
I'll forward it
to the maritime unit right now.
Your dad?
Little Qian didn't tell you?
I mentioned this to him earlier.
Why didn't you report finding a body?
(Hu Yong, Sand Dredger Owner)
(Illegal sand dredger spotted)
(The crew revealed they found
a female body one week prior)
Aren't sand dredging operations
banned now?
And we were afraid of trouble.
Afraid of trouble?
So you just dumped the body
back in the river?
Do you think this is minor?
Didn't sacrifice a chicken,
and this happened.
Enough excuses.
Where did you find the body?
About two or three kilometers
east of Sishui Second Bridge.
Encountering a river floater
like that is bad luck.
Plus, the sand-suction pipe
seemed damaged.
So we didn't dare continue
and just went back.
Any luck? Find anything over there?
Long, there's something.
Let me see.
(Huo's crew controls the third largest
supply chain for new drugs on border.)
This woman is Huo's mistress.
These two groups trust each other.
Right now, it's just a matter of time.
What's the sudden lunch about?
I wanted to see you.
Our operation this time aims
to take down both Huo's
and Bao Hei's drug gangs.
This is your mission.
Stay safe out there.
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
(People say you should look forward.)
But some things
just can't be forgotten.
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
Light and dark
are inherently intertwined.
Just like this world.
There's sunlight, and there are shadows.
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪
♪When forgetting oneself first
becomes routine♪
♪Just for the ideals sworn
with a clenched fist♪
♪Like light reflected in the dust♪
♪Sketching out your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪
(To our beautiful reunion.)
(Come on.)
(The old Chen Yumo is gone.)
(His body can't handle any alcohol.)
(It could even be life-threatening.)
(Let's add each other.)
(Keep in touch.)
(I'm warning you now.)
- (If you)
- (Ye Qian.)
(break your promise,)
- (I'll never talk to you again.)
- (Then I'll keep painting for you,)
(until I can't hold a brush.)
(What are you doing?)
(Now, I'm running)
(a small business.)
(How lucky must one be)
(to always stand in the light.)
(Come on, let's grab a drink.)
(Why ask me to dinner so suddenly?)
(I wanted to see you.)
(Another day.)
(Ye Qian,)
(when will you finish the picture
you promised me?)
Ye Qian.
Ye Qian, I know you're back.
Open the door!
Are you in trouble?
Long,
the DNA on the socks matches the victim.
Look at what these characters
on the sock say.
I'm going blind. I can't take it.
Let me see.
This is...
Flower.
Flower, right?
The character for "flower".
I also think it is "flower".
The back...
I can't make out the back.
Alright, "flower" is good enough.
The fiber quality
of these socks is terrible.
Given how worn it is, it's lucky for us
to identify the "flower" character.
This type of sock is so thin.
No one would want them
in stores or supermarkets.
I just asked my mom.
She said these socks
aren't meant for the retail market.
They're specifically for places like
saunas, massage parlors, and foot baths.
They buy these socks in bulk wholesale
for their customers.
Some brands even partner with factories
to print their own logo on the socks.
So if we follow this "flower" lead,
we might find the source.
Your mom still does wholesale?
Stop talking nonsense.
The Changchun Road shop closed long ago.
I need to take this call.
Little Zhao.
You're crying?
Boss.
It's been tested.
'Meat', the drug,
was mixed into the wine.
The purity isn't super high,
but for a first time,
the kick is pretty strong.
This woman
is interesting.
After the body falls into water,
water enters the lungs and stomach.
Its density increases,
causing the body to sink slowly.
After decomposition causes bloating,
it slowly rises again.
This creates
what boatmen call a river floater.
According to the sand dredger
owner's statement,
they were sand mining at night
when the sand-suction pipe
suddenly malfunctioned,
and soon after,
they discovered the body.
You know, sand-suction pipes
go deep into the riverbed.
If the body had already surfaced,
the pipe couldn't have reached it.
That means
when the sand dredger was working,
the victim had just been dumped
in the water.
So, based on where the sand dredger
was moored that night,
the dump site must be nearby.
This is already the upper reaches
of the Sishui River.
It's so remote, hardly any households.
Not a tourist area either.
I noticed something on the way here.
The nearest surveillance camera
is the last traffic light we passed.
This riverbank area is quite large.
Searching it all will take until dark.
I'll contact the local police station.
Get that footage Lei mentioned.
I'll head down first.
Master.
Judging by the track width,
it should be an SUV.
See?
The tire marks
run from east to west
at a varying speed.
And, see?
Right there.
In front of that small tree,
it made a U-turn,
and then accelerated
up this small slope.
The suspect drove to the riverbank
to choose a dump site,
hence the varying speed.
After dumping the body,
the suspect left quickly.
Assuming these tire marks
are from the suspect,
it should be about right.
Seems the driver was nervous.
There are lots of skid
and slide marks on site.
Plenty of hard braking traces too.
If he weren't a complete novice...
He had a corpse in the car.
Guilty conscience.
I told you to get checked
at the hospital yesterday.
Why haven't you gone yet?
I'm fine.
Don't push yourself.
Health comes first.
This ground and environment
make footprints nearly impossible.
My guess is, the suspect
left right after getting
rid of the body.
Long.
Come here.
What is it?
Come smell this. Notice anything?
Urine?
Might not from human, though.
Could be from an animal.
Ants are particularly fond of sweets.
So they're highly sensitive to sugar.
Animals in nature
can develop diabetes too.
But the probability is low.
If that's the case,
this was likely left
by someone with diabetes.
But it has been a while,
can we still collect DNA?
We'll collect more samples.
Even if we can't extract DNA,
at least it gives us another lead.
Where were you last night?
Nothing, personal matters.
Went on a date
with your unrequited love?
You dared take time off?
If your master finds out,
you'll be in trouble.
What stage are you two at now?
Mind your own business.
Little Zhao called me yesterday.
She didn't sound very happy.
Does she know about this too?
I told her to stay away from me.
You should too.
Jing.
Bring your puppy out
for a walk sometime.
Okay, I'll be right there.
Ms. Li, you go ahead.
Alright, we'll head over first.
Let's go.
Let's go. Okay, hurry up.
Let's go, Beibei.
Go play in the park.
That puppy is barking anxiously.
Okay, no more barking.
I'll walk you right now.
Why did you kick my dog?
Don't you leave!
How can you lie like that?
I saw you kick my dog.
Are you blind?
You must be blind.
I'm busy with deliveries.
No time to kick your dog.
Let go now.
Wait. I'm about to be late.
- Let go.
- What's wrong, Ms. Li?
Being late doesn't mean
you can kick someone's dog.
- What's wrong, Ms. Li?
- Who kicked your dog?
You clearly did!
- Just apologize.
- Did everyone see that?
What's going on?
What happened, Ms. Li?
He kicked my dog. Look.
I didn't kick your dog.
This delivery guy.
My delivery is about to be late.
She's holding me back.
Hello?
Not going to pay the debt, huh?
You can run, but you can't hide.
You're paying back
every penny your brother owes.
Don't consider escape.
We can grab you anytime, understand?
(Huadu Club)
Look familiar?
A bit.
But I can't remember where.
- Ms. Pang.
- Give me the office key.
Okay, I'll leave my contact.
Contact us if you remember anything.
Okay.
Man?
You know her?
Through our visit to Huadu Club,
we created a facial composite
of the victim
and verified the victim's true identity.
The identity of the Sishui River
floater victim has been confirmed.
The victim is Zhan Qiuman.
Female, 20 years old, from Min City.
She came to Yunxi City two years ago,
and worked in service
at Huadu Club since then.
Her identity was confirmed
by the supervisor Pang Xianglan.
Pang Xianglan brought Zhan Qiuman here
from their hometown.
Male DNA was also detected
in urine found at the riverbank.
It matches DNA from skin cells
under the victim's nails.
This individual has severe diabetes.
No further information at this time.
Zhan Qiuman had three bank accounts,
holding 420,000 yuan total.
Not a single yuan withdrawn
since the crime.
You're Pang Xianglan?
We're from the police.
Hello, I am.
Hello.
Have a seat.
We're here today
for Zhan Qiu...
It's about Man, right?
I can't believe someone so young
could just be gone like that.
When was the last time
you saw Zhan Qiuman?
About ten or so days ago.
I don't remember.
Wasn't she brought out by you?
And she works for you.
Doesn't it strike you as odd
not to see her for so long?
Officer,
I have 40 or 50 girls working under me.
Even if I'm closer to some,
it's not like I see them every day.
Besides, that's just how Man is.
She comes and goes as she pleases.
If she doesn't want to talk to you,
she won't even bother calling.
I'm used to it by now.
Then tell me about her.
Man's parents are both in poor health.
She has a younger brother
still in school.
The whole family relies
on her mom's subsistence allowance,
barely making ends meet.
She actually had good grades before,
but to pay for her parents'
medical bills,
and more importantly,
her brother's tuition,
and save up for building a house
and his future marriage,
she worked in an electronics factory
right after junior high.
Later, she found her way to me,
saying she wanted
to earn more money working for me.
Considering she's a fellow villager
and her family's situation,
I thought I should
lend a hand where I could.
Lend a hand where you could?
Aren't you just
pushing her into the fire?
It's not just Man.
All the girls under me
are carrying their entire family
on their shoulders.
If they weren't truly desperate,
who would willingly do those jobs
looked down on by everyone?
Man's young,
pretty, and knows how to handle herself.
Quite a few customers like her.
But rest assured, officer,
Huadu has absolutely none
of those messy, illegal operations.
Do you know where Zhan Qiuman lived?
I rented a few large apartments
nearby as dorms.
Man had a bed in the dorm,
but other girls sharing the room said
she didn't stay overnight
most of the time.
Seems like she rented a place
over in Baiyuan South Village.
Did she have a boyfriend?
I don't know.
What about customers close to her?
Not clear.
Not clear, huh?
Do you think Zhan Qiuman might have...
Started selling herself?
That I definitely don't know.
But Yunxi is an energy city.
There are more wealthy bosses
than you can count.
They're generous too.
If any of the girls develop
real feelings for a customer
and want a long-term relationship,
it's not impossible.
I can guarantee they follow
the rules inside the club.
But outside working hours?
They are all adults.
I neither want to nor can control that.
(Sishui North Road)
Lei, how's it going over here?
Any progress?
This is from the surveillance camera
closest to the crime scene.
Four SUVs matching the criteria
passed through this intersection
that night.
Only this one came back. Look.
I told you there was something fishy.
Don't jump to conclusions.
I'll contact the Traffic Police
to rule out those three vehicles
with plates.
If it really
is this vehicle, unlicensed,
with black and white footage,
then it'll be tough.
Hello?
What? Don't panic.
Talk slowly. What happened?
Don't be afraid.
Go straight to the hospital now.
Don't panic.
Be careful on the way.
Everything alright, Lei?
My puppy
might have eaten rat poison.
T-Then send it to the hospital fast.
Should be fine.
Yeah, should be nothing serious.
(Yingbin Apartment)
Given the income in her line of work,
I feel Zhan Qiuman shouldn't
have been living so shabbily.
This place she lived in,
and the furniture inside.
What junk.
See that suitcase by the bed?
Two of the wheels are broken,
and the handle's all taped up.
How's life been treating her?
All her cosmetics are cheap too.
Apart from a few work uniforms,
her clothes are mostly
street vendor stuff.
Pang Xianglan said
Zhan Qiuman had heavy family burden.
She was also frugal herself.
So she sent most of her income
back home on time.
We found no money, no passbooks,
no bank cards on site.
No sign of the cell phone or ID either.
Check the victim's
financial flow immediately.
If there's anything unusual,
pull the footage right away.
Okay.
Master.
That Pang Xianglan...
Dig deeper.
Where's it?
Buried in the yard.
You go home and rest first.
I took the day off today.
I'll watch over the place.
No need.
Aren't we saving up our days for Hainan?
Those days are hard-earned.
You should go back. It's fine.
Really?
It's okay, really.
Don't worry.
Jing.
Make two more dishes.
Coming!
It's fine. You go.
Coming.
What do you want?
Scrambled eggs with tomatoes.
Okay.
Captain Leng.
Any findings on the fingerprints
in the victim's room?
The fingerprints at the scene are messy.
Still screening them.
No valuable leads found so far.
(Retrieving Fingerprints)
This Range Rover has no plate.
Its color and model are also
the most common ones for that brand.
It was in a collision before.
There's a dent in the rear.
Exactly.
The paint has
a high reflectivity to light.
This nighttime video
is in black and white.
This vehicle comes over here.
(Sishui North Road)
So in the black and white photo,
it appears as a fluorescent white.
This photo captures the rear of the car.
Look. This part of the rear
has no reflection.
It appears black.
This indicates this area is concave.
Doesn't catch light.
Judging by the proportion,
this surface isn't small.
Captain Leng,
if the suspect's main motive is money,
then the guy must have known
the victim's financial situation well.
Based on what we know so far,
Pang Xianglan is the one
who knew Zhan Qiuman best.
Pang Xianglan's financial flow
shows no issues for now.
Have all those staff at the club
been vetted?
Yes.
It's roughly like
what Pang Xianglan said.
The victim preferred
to act alone while alive.
She moved out a long time ago.
Have those people she had
private relationships with been checked?
We're screening
their communication records.
Captain Leng, there's another lead.
The apartment in Baiyuan South Village
wasn't rented by Zhan Qiuman.
A company signed the contract
with the agent.
It's Huitongda Import
and Export Trading Co., Ltd.
Finished?
Thanks for your cooperation.
Thank you.
So this is collecting DNA?
Seen it plenty in movies and TV.
It's my first time
experiencing it firsthand.
You came to me
and asked for my DNA.
Is it for Man?
What was your relationship
with Zhan Qiuman?
Boyfriend and girlfriend.
You rented Room 305, Building 3,
Baiyuan South Village for her, right?
Yes.
Then why use the company name?
Afraid your family would find out?
My wife and son
have been abroad for years.
There's nothing to be afraid now.
As for renting under the company name,
it offsets costs.
Legitimate tax avoidance.
Let's talk about Zhan Qiuman.
Man was a good girl.
Not greedy, honest too.
She wasn't into the jewelry
or designer bags like most
young girls.
I gave her money for rent.
I was planning to get her a nicer place.
She said a basic one would do.
She saved whatever was left over.
She even pinched
the pocket money I gave her.
Her only focus
was supporting her parents
and brother.
She was quite smart.
I'd thought about sending her
to school in a few years.
She can't rely on youth forever.
What a shame.
Where were you when it happened?
A week ago.
I was abroad on business
for almost a month.
I just got back three days ago.
How did you meet Man?
I first saw her a few times at Huadu.
Lan approached me first,
saying this girl
was going through hard times.
She asked if I could help her.
Pang Xianglan?
She introduced Man to you?
Later, I gave her a big red packet
to show my gratitude.
- Goodbye, Lan.
(Huadu Club)
- Thanks.
Officer, you wanted to see me?
Need to ask you a couple of things.
Turn off the engine.
Know Wang Meng from Huitongda?
Mr. Wang?
I know him.
But last time,
you insisted you didn't know
who Zhan Qiuman was close with.
But what we heard
is that you actively introduced her
to other clients.
This kind of solicitation
is illegal, you know?
Officer, don't scare me.
I was just matchmaking.
Matchmaking isn't a crime.
Matchmaking?
Then why did you lie last time?
I thought I should
show some respect for the dead.
It was Man's private business,
after all.
Besides,
Mr. Wang's a regular.
I couldn't offend him.
Where were you that day?
You suspect me?
Answer the question.
Working at Huadu.
Got there at 6 PM.
Stayed until next morning.
Around this time, actually.
(DNA Test Report)
Wang Meng's DNA doesn't match
what was under the victim's nails
nor at the dump site.
His travel records have proved
he had no time to commit the crime.
His finances and family situation
all checked out.
Motive-wise, he's likely cleared.
Hello?
Yeah.
Captain Leng.
Ms. Chen, I rushed back
as soon as you called.
It's okay. Don't worry.
Your dad's fine.
The delivery guy's alright too.
Just scraped his skin a bit.
But his deliveries are backed up now.
Tell me how much he wants.
I'll cover it.
Where is he?
Could you bring him over?
I want to apologize properly.
You handle compensation privately.
I gave him your number.
Okay.
Right now, Zhang from the council
is taking him to the clinic
for ointment.
I wanted your dad checked too.
Please understand
about my dad's condition.
This isn't about understanding.
Even if he's confused, he couldn't just
accuse someone of spying on him.
Right.
As he spoke, he turned violent.
Scared that young man half to death.
At his age,
if something happened,
he'd be blamed unfairly.
Yes.
I know you're busy.
We all understand.
Yes.
But elderly care can't be neglected.
With his condition,
he really shouldn't be left alone.
Yes.
A caretaker helps,
but family support is irreplaceable.
Yes.
Right?
That's settled then.
Okay.
I'll head out now.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Mr. Wang.
Leaving.
Ms. Li.
Okay.
Ma'am.
Take care.
Leng,
what a mess this is.
I just stepped out to take out the trash
and chat with an acquaintance
for a moment.
Then it...
But your dad's condition
has really worsened lately.
Yes.
He's getting confused.
That's right.
Don't you think you should take him
to the hospital when you have a chance?
Okay.
Well,
when he has an episode,
he just acts without thinking.
Honestly, today was terrifying.
Yes.
I'm not young anymore, you know.
If something really happened,
I couldn't bear
the responsibility, Leng.
I understand, Ms. Wang.
You see, our contract is almost up.
Look.
How about this? Ms. Wang,
could you do me one more favor?
I'll find a way
as soon as possible, okay?
Appreciate it.
Whose car's in the middle of the road?
Move it!
Okay, got it!
Sorry about it.
It's fine.
Hello?
Jiao.
Jing mentioned she saw you heading back.
Is your dad okay?
He's fine.
I told her to drop by and check on him.
He is alright now.
Don't make Jing run around again.
I'm driving. Talk later.
Right, one more thing.
Go ahead.
We found that car.
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪